Run Falco in parallel for each well (#33)
viash-hub/demultiplex: CHANGELOG.md

# demultiplex v0.3.5

## Breaking changes

> * The `demultiplex's` workflow not outputs a list of directories

Author: ```suggestion
* The `demultiplex` workflow now outputs a list of directories
```

> * The `demultiplex's` workflow not outputs a list of directories

Author: ```suggestion
* The `demultiplex's` workflow now outputs a list of directories
```
